index.md, before:

---
title: Home
sections:
  - section_id: hero
    component: hero_block.html
    type: heroblock
    image: images/hero.png
    title: MMM Intelligence UG
    content: >-
      We are building smart solutions.  
    actions:
      - label: Learn More
        url: /features
  - section_id: features
    component: features_block.html
    type: featuresblock
    bg: gray
    title: Features
    subtitle: >-
      mmmint.ai - we build smart solutions
    featureslist:
      - title: mr fiktiv
        image: images/feature1.png
        content: >-
          mrfiktiv ist eine Plattform, auf der Kunden bei der Abrechnung von Autoschäden geholfen wird.​
          Eine digitale Schadensabrechnung nach Autounfällen – kein Werkstattbesuch, keine Reparatur und schnelles Geld. ​
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: https://www.mrfiktiv.com
      - title: registration recognition
        image: images/feature2.png
        content: >-
          Digitizing registrations by using state of the art machine learning object detection and Optical Character Recognition (OCR)
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /features
      - title: mileage prediction
        image: images/feature3.png
        content: >-
          Predictive maintenance service for workshops. Prediction for workshop booking and cold calling customers by predicting mileage using state of the art machine learning algorithm.
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /features
  - section_id: reviews
    component: reviews_block.html
    type: reviewsblock
    bg: white
    title: Testimonials
    subtitle: >-
      What others have to say about us! 
    reviews:
      - author: Max Mama
        avatar: images/review2.jpg
        content: >-
          mmmint.ai is wirklich ein tolle Idee! Die Jungs von mmmint sind ein tolles team und bieten viel potential.
      - author: Max Papa
        avatar: images/review1.jpg
        content: >-
          Es freut uns sehr, mmmint.ai als Betrieb mit an Bord zu haben! Uns macht die Zusammenarbeit mit mmmint viel Spaß und ist eine willkommene Abwechslung
      - author: Richard Roe
        avatar: images/review3.jpg
        content: >-
          Integer consectetur purus neque, ac porttitor enim convallis vitae.
          Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus.
  - section_id: call-to-action
    component: cta_block.html
    type: ctablock
    title: This Is Call To Action Block!
    subtitle: This is an optional description for the call to action block.
    actions:
      - label: Get Started
        url: /signup
menus:
  main:
    weight: 1
    title: Home
layout: home
---

Commit message:

exchange predicte maintenance with workshop

index.md, after:

---
title: Home
sections:
  - section_id: hero
    component: hero_block.html
    type: heroblock
    image: images/hero.png
    title: MMM Intelligence UG
    content: >-
      We are building smart solutions.
    actions:
      - label: Learn More
        url: /features
  - section_id: features
    component: features_block.html
    type: featuresblock
    bg: gray
    title: Features
    subtitle: >-
      mmmint.ai - we build smart solutions
    featureslist:
      - title: mr fiktiv
        image: images/feature1.png
        content: >-
          mrfiktiv ist eine Plattform, auf der Kunden bei der Abrechnung von Autoschäden geholfen wird.​
          Eine digitale Schadensabrechnung nach Autounfällen – kein Werkstattbesuch, keine Reparatur und schnelles Geld. ​
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: https://www.mrfiktiv.com
      - title: registration recognition
        image: images/feature2.png
        content: >-
          Digitizing registrations by using state of the art machine learning object detection and Optical Character Recognition (OCR)
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /features
      - title: machine learning operations (MLOps) workshop
        image: images/feature3.png
        content: >-
          Learn from our experts how modern MLOps can help business accelerate their digital transformation. This hybrid workshop series of trainings and hands-on consulting will get you from development to production using cloud-native solutions.
          After this three week intensive workshop you will be able to accelerate the deployment frequency of machine learning models to production.
        actions:
          - label: Learn More
            url: /features
  - section_id: reviews
    component: reviews_block.html
    type: reviewsblock
    bg: white
    title: Testimonials
    subtitle: >-
      What others have to say about us!
    reviews:
      - author: Max Mama
        avatar: images/review2.jpg
        content: >-
          mmmint.ai is wirklich ein tolle Idee! Die Jungs von mmmint sind ein tolles team und bieten viel potential.
      - author: Max Papa
        avatar: images/review1.jpg
        content: >-
          Es freut uns sehr, mmmint.ai als Betrieb mit an Bord zu haben! Uns macht die Zusammenarbeit mit mmmint viel Spaß und ist eine willkommene Abwechslung
      - author: Richard Roe
        avatar: images/review3.jpg
        content: >-
          Integer consectetur purus neque, ac porttitor enim convallis vitae.
          Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus.
  - section_id: call-to-action
    component: cta_block.html
    type: ctablock
    title: This Is Call To Action Block!
    subtitle: This is an optional description for the call to action block.
    actions:
      - label: Get Started
        url: /signup
menus:
  main:
    weight: 1
    title: Home
layout: home
---
